---
title: "Scaled Finance - T-Mobile 401(k)"
description: "Scaled Finance - T-Mobile 401(k)"
layout: "layouts/page.html"
eleventyNavigation:
  parent: "T-Mobile"
  key: "401(k)"
footerDecoration: "/images/decorative/plant_seedlings.jpeg"
pageStylesheets: ["t-mobile"]
---
{% from "macros/cta-button.njk" import ctaButton %}

{% textBlockWithImage "t-mobile-401k", "/images/decorative/typing_on_a_computer.jpeg", "Photo of someone seated at a wooden desk and wearing a tan sweater who is typing on a laptop." %}

## What is T-Mobile's 401(k) match?

T-Mobile matches employee 401(k) contributions:

* 100% on the first 3%
* 50% on the next 2%

If an employee contributes 5% of their pay, T-Mobile matches 4%.

**Source:** <br/>
[T-Mobile 2025 Benefits Guide](https://dokumfe7mps0i.cloudfront.net/oms/13892/document/2025/1/2U252_2025BenefitsGuide-AccessibleFINAL/2025BenefitsGuide-AccessibleFINAL.pdf)

{% endtextBlockWithImage %}

{% textBlockWithImage "t-mobile-401k-options", "/images/decorative/t-mobile_401k.png", "Title: 'T-Mobile 401(k)' on top. Below it is a table with Pre-Tax, Roth, and After-Tax. Company matching is available for Pre-Tax and Roth but not for After-Tax 401(k) contributions. Phot of an image with an egg with 401K written on it." %}

## What are T-Mobile's 401(k) options?

T-Mobile supports three types of 401(k) contributions:

* pre-tax
* Roth
* after-tax

There are also three types of contributions:

* **regular** - salary or hourly wage
* **bonus** - monthly and annual bonuses, including commissions
* **match** - the company match is currently pre-tax

{% endtextBlockWithImage %}

{% textBlockWithImage "t-mobile-401k-cap", "/images/decorative/401k_federal_cap.png", "Title: '401(k) Federal Cap' on top. Below it is Pre-Tax / Roth $23,500, 50+ Catch-Up $7,500, 60-63 Extra $3,750, and After-Tax $70.000. Source: IRS Notice 2024-80. Photo of Uncle Sam's hat." %}

## What’s the maximum contribution?

**Pre-Tax and Roth**

[According to the IRS](https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-drop/n-24-80.pdf), the 2025 maximum 401(k) contributions are:

* $23,500 for the elective deferral
* $7,500 for those age 50+
* $3,750 for those age 60-63

Someone who’s 50 years old could contribute $31,000 across the pre-tax and Roth 401(k) options. Those 60-63 could contribute $36,250.

**After-Tax**

Up to $70,000 can be contributed to all defined contribution plans.

If the employee contributes $23,500 and T-Mobile matches $10,000, the employee could still contribute $36,500 to after-tax.

{% endtextBlockWithImage %}

{% textBlockWithImage "t-mobile-401k-cap", "/images/decorative/make_up_or_true_up.png", "Title: 'Make-Up or True-Up' in black on top. $100,000 salary. Employee contributes 75%. Below it lists Employee contributions of $23,500 in Jan-Apr. Below that lists a T-Mobile match of $1,231 for Jan-Apr and $2,769 for Next Mar." %}

## What are T-Mobile’s make-up or true-up contributions?

T-Mobile matches employee pre-tax and Roth contributions each paycheck.

An employee might reach the maximum early in the year. T-Mobile would have no contributions to match the rest of the year!

Without a make-up, employees who contribute more than 5% of their compensation would receive less than the 4% match.

Fortunately, T-Mobile makes them whole with a true-up contribution the following March.

{% endtextBlockWithImage %}

{% include "partials/t-mobile/position-insights-links.html" %}

{% textBlockWithImage "t-mobile-401k-cap", "/images/decorative/maximum_401k_loan.png", "Title: 'Maximum 401(k) Loan' on top. The less of: 50% of vested balance and $50,000. The background photo is of a white piggy bank with an egg in front. 401K is written in gold on the white egg." %}

## How much and how long can a T-Mobile 401(k) loan be?

By federal law, the biggest loan that can be taken from a 401(k) is the lesser of:

* 50% of the vested account balance and
* $50,000.

A loan must generally be repaid within five (5) years unless used to buy a primary residence.

T-Mobile’s 401(k) plan allows loans of up to 15 years for the purchase of a primary residence. Fortunately, loans haven’t had to be paid in full upon termination from employment.

{% endtextBlockWithImage %}
